hey guys it's the MP works and we're
back for another city update some stuff
has changed not much but I did I added
the pizzeria right here with a sidewalk
coming across that I finished at a
sidewalk right here then I added the
city bank right there then I'm then I'm
going to continue the city in the
neighborhood and she put the TARDIS
right there some stuff I made the
sidewalk a little bit longer added some
grass and i'm still thinking putting
stuff right there come across here not
much has changed over here I didn't move
the building and I finally got to put my
roads on still have lego mini if a well
up there trying to fly I think you
learned how to a while back focus it was
I say I thought this is a cool idea of
putting Legoland fol up there I had some
cars on the roads I put pepper on the
sidewalk area so he won't get hit then I
had the lego movie car or motorcycle
thing I know what that is then I have a
bricks on the dollar bill board like you
know how to have on like highway
billboards I move some of the stuff he's
still cutting grass I might take a while
still got the kid with the own escape
where I had to take his hair off because
I was making a little bit of a fast
eerie scene and I had heck there's Paul
walk inside of his rent cars it wasn't
really good but I had to take his hair
off for Paul Walker's hair come around
here you can see hiding in the shadows
Batman it's a Batman right there he's
hiding behind towers
then I have a crook trying to rob the
city see he's climbing up the pole added
some few dumpsters right there yeah
remove the doctor and k9 but yeah not
much has changed i'm still trying to
figure out order put the bike shop i
just don't like how it's like split open
i wish i added walls right there but
that's okay so not much has changed i'm
gonna put some lights in there if i ever
get any LED lights i might put inside
here to make it light up like they're
watching a movie so i'm thinking about
getting a different TARDIS or building
I'm gonna keep that TARDIS together
barma build a different one setup so
thanks for watching this mini episode
and be sure to check out my news updates
by